c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\obj\Debug\AptifyProducts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyProducts.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyProducts.pdb
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Aptify.Framework.BusinessLogic.GenericEntity.Generated.Orders.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyApplication.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyAttributeManagement.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyExceptionManagement.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyExceptionManagementInterfaces.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyGenericDataServices.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyGenericEntity.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyGenericEntityBase.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyOrdersEntity.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\EBusinessBase.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\EBusinessGlobal.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\OSCPA.Web.Services.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\IAptifyDataServices.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\C1.Win.C1FlexGrid.2.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyObjectRepository.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyUtility.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Metadata.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyStandardScanners.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyScannerBase.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyLicensingManager.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyLogin.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifySQLDataServices.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifySecurityKey.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyScriptEngine.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyEventFire.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\FilterRules.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Payments.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyAddressInterface.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\ICurrencyRetrieval.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\PreferredAddress.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyProductPrerequisite.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\IGenerateGL.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyReportWizardInterfaces.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\PaymentInfoObject.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyWebGlobal.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\EBusinessLogin.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyGACUtility.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyConnectionState.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyAlerts.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyProcessFlowEngine.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\ProcessFlowDebugHarness.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Aptify.Framework.BusinessLogic.GenericEntity.Generated.Payments.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\ICurrencyMarkToMarket.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyOMDEntity.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyWebExclusionManager.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyEBusinessUser.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyCMSIntegration.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyWindowsControls.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\C1.Win.C1SpellChecker.2.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Outlook.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\AptifyMessagingInterfaces.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\obj\Debug\AptifyProducts.dll
c:\users\jmusheno\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AptifyProducts\AptifyProducts\obj\Debug\AptifyProducts.pdb
